Fix broken Address Reuse links (#612)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: README.md

There are three types of text highlights that can be used to display different colored boxes.

> A green box displaying a [friendly tip](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/why-wasabi/AddressReuse.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A green box displaying a [friendly tip](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/using-wasabi/PasswordBestPractices.html):
```

```
:::tip
foo
:::
```

> A yellow box with a [cautious warning](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/why-wasabi/AddressReuse.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A yellow box with a [cautious warning](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/using-wasabi/WalletRecovery.html#backup-wallet-file-and-password):
```
